# Understand the industry

## 1 Explain the money flow and the information flow in the acquirer market and the role of the main players.

### Main players in the acquirer market

**Acquirer** : An acquirer (also known as acquiring bank) is an institution that has the Cards Schemes authorization to process a transaction so by signing a contract with the acquirer, a merchant can process credit and debit card transactions. The Acquirer is as a go-between for all debit and credit card transactions. Acquirers manage communication between credit associations and businesses.
**Issuer** : An issuer (also known as issuing bank) is a financial institution that provides credit and debit cards to customers on behalf of big card networks like Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express. In  the process of payment it is responsible for the analysis and authorization or denial of the transaction. It is responsible for the money transfer to the acquirer if the transaction is authorized.
In case of a chargeback, it is also responsible of the analyzis (with compelling evidences from the retailer if there are).
**Card Brand** : Car brand companies are companies responsible for defining the business rules for purchases made with credit card. They are the ones who define the standards by which the acquirers must process the transactions carried out by this payment method (each brand has its own rules). 
**Payment Gateaway** : A payment gateway is what assures security and facility sending credit card information from the merchant's website to the payment processor, and returning transactions details and its response back to the customer. Within a few seconds, the payment gateway will be responsible for encryption, request, fulfillment, calculating tax costs, screening orders etc...

### Information flow

_1. Checkout : The user selects a means of payment and fufill the information_
_2. The information are send to the payment gateway whom authorize (or not) the transaction and send the information to the acquirer_
_3. The acquirer sends the payment request to the card brand, who will in turn forward it to the issuing bank for approval._
_4. The issuing bank makes a risk analysis, checks if the customer has enough funds to pay for the transaction and if there are any temporary holds that will be released any time soon._
_5. If everything is OK on the issuing bank’s side, it sends an approval code back through the payment chain._

### Money flow
_1. If the transication if authorized by all the actors, the amount of money involved is debitted from the customer by it's issuing bank._
_2. The amount is transfered to the acquirer._
_3. The acquirer transfer the amount to the merchant account._

## 2 Explain the difference between acquirer, sub-acquirer and payment gateway and how the flow explained in question 1 changes for these players.

#### Acquirer
_(See first part for the definition of an acquirer)_
**Flow** : 
_1. Receive the information from the payment gateway_
_2. Create a new payment process_
_3. Send the information to the card brand_
_4. Receive the approval/denial code from the issuing bank_
_5. Send the response to the gateway. If ok process the payment, if not cancel it_

#### Sub-acquirer
A  sub-acquirer  is a company that processes payments and transmits the generated data to the other players involved in the payment flow (see first answer). Its role is similar to that of an acquirer, but with less autonomy (it can't completely replace the acquirer). 
It can be described as a kind of intermediary player between the acquirer and the merchant. The main advantages of a sub-acquirer are its low implementation cost and ease of integration. On the other hand, the cost per operation is higher than those performed directly with the acquirers.
**FLow** :
_Quite the same flow as with the acquirer but adding a step between the payment gateway and acquirer_

#### Payment gateway
A payment gateway is way different from the other two. Basically its role is to send the payement's information to acquirers, card brands and issuing banks and then obtain a response about the continuation of the process or its cancellation.

**Flow** : 
_1. Send the information to the acquirer/sub-acquirer_
_2. Receive the response from the acquirer/sub-acquirer about the payment process and return it to the client._

## 3. Explain what chargebacks are, how they differ from cancellations and what is their connection with fraud in the acquiring world.
A **chargeback** is a transaction reversal meant to serve as a form of consumer protection from fraudulent activity committed by both merchants and individuals.

It is divided within the next steps :

_1. The buyer disputes a purchase by contacting his issuer_

_2. The issuing bank reviews : It'll determine whether the dispute should be sent to the card network. If the chargeback is invalid the process will end there and the cardholder will be notified of the decison. If it is valid it will continue to the next step_

_3. The customer is rembursed, the card networks will flow funds from the merchant’s commercial bank account to the issuing bank_

_4. The issuer will submit the chargeback to the card network after reimbursement. Afterwards, the card network passes the chargeback to the acquirer._

_5. The Merchant Receives the Chargeback. The acquirer will receive the issuer's funds on the merchant's behalf. It's responsible for ‘acquiring’ authorization through the card network. The merchant will know about the chargeback after the card network informs the acquirer_

_6. Merchant response : The chargeback process comes to an end if the merchant doesn't submit a response. Afterwards, the card network awards the chargeback to the cardholder, and he retains the refunded amount. If the merchant submit a response (with compelling evidence) it go to the next step_

_7. Hands offs: The acquirer receives the merchant’s compelling evidence from the merchant account processor. They'll pass this along to the card network, which will be sent it to the issuer_

_8: Finally the issuer reviews the chargeback claim and the merchant's compelling evidence and validates (or rejects) the chargeback. If the chargeback is validated the cardholder will keep the refund, if not the card network pulls the funds from the issuer and send it to the acquirer. The acquirer will then place it back into the merchant commercial bank account._
Most commonly the payer is a consumer (but i can be the issuer). This can happen for several reasons, the top three being payment processing error, fraud, and commercial disagreement.  

Cancellation on the other hand is the fact to stop a transaction (and eventually refund the consumer if there already was a payment) within the consumer law (right of regret for instance) or within special rules of the merchant (free cancellation 3 days before reservation on Booking for instance). This action doesn't includes all the verification steps of a chargeback process.

Chargeback is linked to fraud in the sense that identifying and segmenting the types of fraud that lead to chargebacks can help to improve the systems and prevent this kind of frauds.
Another connection between fraud and chargeback is the _friendly fraud_ : when a customer makes a legitimate purchase but doesn't recognize the charge on their bank statement. This kinf of fraud could be _accidental_ or _intentional_ when the user try to abuse the policy.

Sources :

Ebanks : https://business.ebanx.com/
Vtex : https://help.vtex.com/
Amcham : [Understand payment industry in Brazil](https://www.amcham.com.br/howtobr/pdfs/how-to-understand-payment-industry-in-brazil.pdf)
Chargeback : https://chargeback.com/
Pagbrasil : https://www.pagbrasil.com/pt-br/
Booking: https://partner.booking.com/
etc..
